today I'm going to show you what I'm
loving for March some are beauty
products and some are just handbag
necessities none of this is sponsored
this is all really what I love so we'll
start with the first thing and that is
bling wipes so I love bling wipes what
these do is they're tiny little wipes
that look like this you can just throw
them in your handbag and if you're
engaged they're perfect for your ring to
clean really quick on the go if you have
a super cute watch they clean your watch
you can clean your necklaces you can
clean your rings you can clean your
bracelets you can clean whatever you
want with these bling whites they are
awesome my jewelry is always getting
dirty I'm in the kitchen a lot I'm
cooking um I have two dogs so there's
like hair everywhere and these bling
wipes are perfect they're tiny and they
fit right in my handbag and I love them
and I will leave the link below the
second thing that I am loving for March
is this lash domination mascara my
little sister ramini showed me this and
she says that all the cool kids at
school use it all the high schoolers and
she told me that I have to try this it's
by bare minerals and it just really
gives you length on your lash so what I
like to do with this is mix it with a
volume mascara so I get the length and
the volume um the brush is super long
too which I like do that and it's cute
tube silver um this will be a staple in
my makeup box forever I love it it can
knock it over how great this mascara is
again by bare minerals the next thing
that I'm loving for March is lip plumper
so why I like this lip plumper by
benefit is because it Prime's my lips so
you guys know I love to brush my lips
before I put lipstick on but I'm even
taking it a step further lately and I'm
using this primer so it's primes and
plumps your lips and it's kind of an
ugly color and it's kind of gross when
you put it on
but it's really great if you want to
wear you know a dark lipstick because it
gives you that pout and it also Prime's
it so I would brush my lips at the
toothbrush use this and then add
whatever color I'm loving and even if I
don't want a color if I want just like a
lip venom or like a lip gloss this is
perfect to wear before that definitely
recommend it again it's my benefit and
it's called lip plump the next product
that I'm a loving is this so this looks
super simple and it looks like nothing
but it's amazing and it's kind of the
best idea ever what it does is it it's
like how do I describe this okay so it's
basically like um a lip liner but it's
clear and almost like a plastic feel so
what it does is it keeps your lipstick
from bleeding
um you put it on and it's completely
clear I'll show you guys right now you
can't see it at all
basically it just holds your lipstick in
the lines so kind of like coloring when
you're little um I'll leave the link
below for this but this is so great if
you love lipstick because it keeps
everything in the lines and you don't
have like smears are on your face or
like cracks or like weird clownish
makeup this holds everything in totally
recommend this the next beauty product
fav for March is Olay CC cream so BB
cream was like all the rage last spring
and now it's all about the CC cream this
is color correcting CC cream and that's
what CC cream means by the way color
correcting so why I like this is
sometimes all have like pigment from
summer um and it looks like I have a
mustache so this is really great because
it evens my skin tone out and I found
this at the drugstore but the best thing
about this is it has sunscreen in it so
this one has SPF 15 and it kind of
reminds me of my all-time favorite Laura
Mercier but it's half the price and this
is just a really really awesome
investment and I think it's under like
$15 so it's great its total FX 7 and one
boy stur izing with sunscreen and this
one is light to medium big fan of this
everyone needs CC scream or spring the
last thing that I have here is a
collagen mask now if you guys read my
blog you know I went to the Korean spa
and got butt-naked with four of my
girlfriends and they scrubbed me down um
it was a really interesting experience
and um they gave us these masks that
they swear by this one was like two
dollars um I hope I can find it on
Amazon for you guys but basically it
just promotes collagen and everyone
wants collagen it's amazing um and those
other masks that you find that cover
your whole face that are white they're
like 5 million dollars and this one is
super cheap and does the same thing and
everyone I know is swearing by Korean
skincare so this is a must try again I
hope I can find the link but um this is
going to promote collagen and that is
what us ladies want and need so that is
I have for March I hope you guys enjoyed
it I'm gonna go close up my kaboodle and
have a glass of champagne and I will see
you guys soon